Some of the most interesting planets are hard to find...

Many transiting exoplanets have been discovered using photometry from the
Kepler mission but the results are still very incomplete in some of the most
interesting parts of parameter space: small planetary radius and long orbital
period.  We have developed a method for detecting transiting exoplanet signals
in stellar light curves that is more sensitive to small planets on long orbits
than previously published procedures.  It is standard practice to start by
"de-trending" the light curves—by filtering—to remove the instrumental
systematics and stellar variability from the time series.  Instead, we build
an flexible model for these effects using a Gaussian Process.  We use as
inputs to the Gaussian Process not just time but also the light curves of
dozens of other stars.  This exploits the causal structure of the problem:
permitting the noise model to capture spacecraft-induced covariability.  Since
we know a priori that the other stars are causally unrelated to the star of
interest, any information that they share must be due to systematics.  A key
motivation for our work is that any filtering—no matter how robust—reduces the
amplitude of the signals of interest.  By marginalizing over the stellar and
instrumental variability while simultaneously fitting for the transits, we
maintain sensitivity to transit signals and reduce contamination.  We apply
our method to light curves from the Kepler mission.  Using synthetic transits
generated by realistic planetary systems injected into raw aperture photometry
from the pipeline, we determine the detection efficiency of our method and
train a supervised classification algorithm to weed out false signals.  Our
pipeline returns all of the ingredients needed for studies of exoplanet
populations: a catalog of planet candidates, posterior samples for the
physical parameters of these planets and their host stars, and an empirical
measurement of the detection efficiency as a function of all of these
parameters.
